That's basically what made it.
It was meant we were finished.
The Army was taking hold.
Now you've touched aside about these events of October 19th.
Yes.
Did you, as a matter of fact, in company with Senator MacKity,
as the Secretary, Miss Allen, perhaps on the Board of Foreign
Members on the twenty-stay of October?
I did.
Mr. Colme, what occurred that day with respect to this proposed
proposed release, if anything, with respect to the press release.
I have a good idea.
I'm there to think about it.
All right.
Going up in the plane, in Mr. Steven's plane, by the way,
the chairman was there, Iowa's with him,
Mr. Laneville was there, Bob Jones was there,
Colonel Polo, General Back, Mr. Adam, Mr. Steven,
and a couple of Mr. Steven's, the Waterloo.
Then, I was sitting next to Mr. Steven.
He was sitting at a window seat.
I was sitting next to him, and Senator MacKity was across the aisle.
Iowa's playing was taking off, Mr. Adam was sitting in the back of the plane.
After we were up in the air, Mr. Adam came forward,
and welcomed the aisle in between Mr. Steven and myself on the one hand,
and Senator MacKity on the other side of the aisle.
Mr. Adam had with him, I think, a month and a half,
and the draft for the blaster, the interview with the record, Mr. Colme,
I'll ask you to identify with it at number eight.
I can tell you the number eight.
I can hear what he had.
He was kneeling in the aisle, and he pulled it out,
and he started showing it to Senator MacKity.
And then, Senator MacKity, whether or not,
wasn't a senator, given my break, wasn't a senator,
or an issue that wasn't a senator, say these things.
The senator read it and said he was not.
Then, Mr. Adam said, well, what's wrong with that?
I mean, what language would you like, up, and all that?
The senator said, well, this is a diary call,
this is what the senator said was.
Well, in this, you have me saying that we're going to stop the hearing.
We are not.
The last paragraph is accurate.
Well, you say we're going to continue them,
and have both executive and public sessions.
But the other business, and the air about a stopping investigation,
and turning it over to the army, isn't true, and I will not say it.
The senator made a plural point.
He said the diary call is fact he was not in the practice of the law,
and he was not in the practice of having other people, particularly people
who he was investigating prepare statements for him to make.
That it was not characteristic of him, the fact he knew it was not,
and that if he went in there, started reading off the statement like this,
everybody would know that it was not him,
and the whole idea just did not appeal to him.
And he made the specific statement that he would not say anything,
which could be construed in the statement
to the investigation where it would be called off.
The senator definitely declined the set time,
and while he ran midair and tried to lending a court mama
to issue such a personal issue.
The senator's specific explanation was to say anything.
That would indicate in any way that he was stopping the investigation
because at the explain he was not.
He was fine to hold hearing.
As far as specifically saying, I will not say anything, or I will not make any relief.
I think he made it very clear.
I don't recall a thing in so many words.
Later that day Mr. Cohn did even Mr. Adams or the secretary
making his father his hand to get this relief to the place.
Next time I heard anything about the relief,
as far as I remember, the investigation was during launching
at the administration government, and what did he hear later?
Well, some of them thought he got up from his seat
and he was sitting up at the head of the table with Mr. Steven.
And he heard a full identify of the case where he went.
No, definitely.
He may have been there, maybe, in the first place.
But he left the room, and as he was leaving the room, as I recall it,
he walked down the room, and between the chair where we were sitting
and lunch in the wall, there was a table.
And on the table, as I remember, there was a six-hyle of mini-aggress
state, Senator McCawkey-Fawke, when he reached the table.
As I remember, it can take one of them up.
Now, what was he?
Well, there was another press release, which Mr. Adams
evidently wanted Senator McCawkey to issue.
Well, did you have anything, however, or did you have anything,
whatever to do with the preparation of those mini-aggress first releases?
No, he didn't.
The only thing he might have had to do with the words,
he had said there was certain things which he definitely would not say.
And the third offense, Mr. Adams, was an offense, I think,
working at the release to strike out those things with Senator McCawkey-Fawkey-Fawkey-Fawkey-Fawkey-Fawkey-Fawkey-Fawkey-Fawkey-Fawkey-Fawkey-Fawkey- Kerry.
He was not interested.
Did you have a copy of that mini-aggress proposal?
It really?
I don't have one right now.
I know that there are some available.
I will ask you to.
I know a senate.
I read it over a couple of nights ago.
I was very just recollection of what was going on.
If we had gone, it was not the minute or if you would have put your interpretation
upon it, you don't get it precisely.
And if we were not in your opinion, it was a pretty significant risk that Senator Inefect said
that he was through with Fort Monmouth or about to be through with Fort Monmouth and would
trigger over to the Army.
No, I don't think the third one was.
I think the third one said a lot of nothing.
So a lot of nothing, yes sir.
Anyway, Senator McCawkey, I think I've nothing to do with the preparation of it and these
if you stop.
Now, when you get it, it's going to last you to apologize.
It's going to be too much to your testimony.
So you say that was the third offense that they can procure the senator to make a press for me.
Does that right?
Yes sir.
He said the way it happened was.
Thank you.
This is the one I mean.
There are not many exhibits number.
E.S.
This one.
This one here.
Just about eliminate what Mr. Adam wanted said and what Senator McCawkey wanted said it
makes no less than to one of the investigations by off-committee laws or what's not trying to continue.
Does the senator get released into the press?
No, what happened with this?
Senator picked it up from the six pilots in the address and he looked at it.
Do you remember he then came over to me on his way out of the room and the motion was made and walked along with him.
I did and he showed this to me and I think that the senator was not angry or disturbing with some autumn news
that they were still trying to get him to issue this press release.
Mr. Adam followed us out of the room and asked the senator if he was not made just briefly.
The third release.
The menu of action.
The menu of grab one.
The third one.
Yes, the menu of grab one.
It just followed up on the table.
And the one you know.
And Mr. Adam wanted to send it into which you got it.
Well, this one is great.
The senator said again that I think he made some comments about his content, the substance of which was, didn't say much of anything.
And the point he made then was that he just couldn't recall when before any agency which he wasn't investigating.
For bad air release and thought of things for words and this not.
And that he was not going to go to the press and read or hand out something with somebody else.
That's great.
For anything he had to say or any questions he wanted to ask him, he could handle that very well himself.
And he just was not going to give the staff that he would respond any questions the press might ask but he was not going to make press release.
The coldest that time.
Did you undertake to exert any influence over the senator to prevent his making such a result?
Is it completely unimportant that it's he was doing anything else?
The coldest Mr. Cohn was respect to the attempt of the army to get you to express what was wrong with the security of the press release.
Not just the process, but a lot of right decision things have happened on that day.
I don't know if you want me to go into them now or of course examination now is the day when we were kept out of the laboratory and I've read a lot of testimony that I was angry which I was and I could say for all those people to come out here.
The coldest, frankly, those matters are relevant to the counter charge of choice and it is anticipating that you would be down on their coughing at Ellen with respect to the ventilator time and we hope not too much later.
So that is all that occurred as we understand it on the 20th of October at Fourth Monmouth with respect to the allegations against Mr. Cohn and the Fadda.
That's all that occurred with reference to the press release.
I wish this weather enough to saw either of those generals and Mr. Stevens or Mr. Adams on the following days and he's up to the 21st.
I did. Who is that Mr. Cohn?
Mr. Cohn.
Where?
Uh, okay.
First on an airplane on the way to New York and then in my home and then the story of the other plane.
What did it occur on the 21st of this Cohn in New York?
Well, Mr. Cohn is a suggestion before that he would like to go to see a parking match that was to take place at the medical place.
On the night of the 21st, he asked me if I could get tickets and there's some details on that.
Where is it going?
The parking ship's called for us.
Yes sir.
They will.
It's called $20 we understand.
They did.
All right.
Now you saw what it occurred.
It was like two.
You call it Buckton Night.
Yes sir.
Well, I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I just wanted to go in if I could get the ticket.
I could and I did.
I was down in lunch and I had come down I think to see if I could help the staff at the store and connect with the hearings of the communists giving these money to the government for the government to give these money to the Russians for being free.
The reason I was in the country is because the government started to code it in the last month.
The chairman is the subcommittee at that time and we're calling hearings because I think day in and day out on that matter.
And I came down frankly to see if I was needed.
I was not particularly needed.
Senator Martin has things to say satisfactory.
She told me that I had a senator Martin.
She told me that I need not stay down here and work on those particular hearings.
Mr. Carl was coming up to New York to try on the work in the month investigation.
I might say that he caused the incident which I'll be waiting on first examination about being stepped out of the laboratory and other things.
We had to go back to fourth month and find another day to do what we wanted to do.
And Mr. Carl came back to New York with us and was trying to go on and did go on that second trip.
We walked to New York with Mr. Ratt on the same plane.
Our office made the registration.
We met on the plane.
From the plane from New York we went over to my home.
Women's Ratton had dinner.
That's on October 21st.
Yeah, that's a day after the four-month.
I'm listening.
And Mr. Adam had dinner with my family and with me at my house on that night.
At the dinner we went down to the five fights and after the five fights we went out.
And you procured the tickets for the prize.
I had to.
You would give me understand because $20 a piece, I did.
How long that subject Mr. Carl?
When did Mr. Adam reimburse you for the prize of your ticket on February 18th?
I'm a slater.
I guess I'll throw my flag.
Four months later.
In the interim had you seen him and been with him a number of times I had.
I think you have some time near the time we were talking about likewise by some theater tickets from the seventh of the theater tickets.
And I want to emphasize this with the thank you to my mate.
I in no way want to criticize Mr. Adam for.
I'm going to get five tickets but the other tickets are anything else.
It was a social courtesy which I was very happy to extend to him and would extend to anybody else on the similar circumstance.
How many theaters do there was something wrong?
I think you all get far any of the doors.
I was glad to do it.
I'm a new theater ticket to you get far.
I think the theater tickets were great.
You recall the price of those theaters?
They told them for the $3.25.
Well now I'm not in the meeting with this anything wrong about the purchase of the kind of side ticketers or theater tickets.
The committee might think so.
Or the committee might think that the time when you were willing to pay.
I think that has been from the great theater watching them.
The request me to find out the date of the theater tickets.
December 6th.
There was some discussion about some prior to that date.
But tonight the theater party finally came work wise.
Tonight is the number 6.
New York Hall, how much more theaters tickets were in dollars and things.
The aggregate was further.
The free theater tickets plus I think a $90.01.00.
I got to get some by calling up.
I checked the $45.00.00.
That's $45.00.00.
How would you please visit here?
I don't count the $20.00.
Mr. Adam, I was glad to have it.
I guess I'm an indication that there was no inspection.
I'm a fan of the theater.
I was in the 64 month later in the university.
I was in the higher five theaters tickets.
I think it's correct.
Of course it was not four months after the purchase of the theater tickets.
He needs not ever have to reimburse me for the five five tickets.
He was like that for dinner.
My only wish I had been in the out of his not being by his theater.
You are Mr. Adam.
The committee might think there's some significant damage.
So in view of the events that occurred to the fire, to the payment and fire and subsequent to the payment.
Yes.
The fact that you did it, you did a $45.00 for the five five theaters tickets.
He did.
Now Mr. Cohn.
You say that you had two of him in numbers times between October 21st and February 24th.
February 18th.
During those, would you say numerous times you had been with Mr. Adam?
Is that right?
Yes.
There were no more times.
I would ask you whether or not of any time during those numerous meetings with you and Mr. Adam,
the committee offered a reimbursement for either the price back in the theater tickets.
The five five tickets, most according to my recollections, the theater tickets, I believe these days.
Sir, that he was re-birth me for them.
And I told him that when the bill came to my office, I would send it on to him to be paid.
On the call in November of October 29th, sir, the whole each time, the FOIA leave I saw the 21st.
There was something, something that on that night, which you might regard to the significant.
I do not know the committee what those things are.
Yes, sir.
I'll be very brief on that.
We spent a lot of time together that night at dinner at the fight in afterwards.
And Mr. Adam was very much disappointed that the president of the coffee had declined to make the announcement that he was stopping the investigation the day before.
But the Adam's wanted to know what could be done to work out some arrangements whereby we would stop the investigation.
He was very anxious to have us do that.
He asked us about that, and there was quite a bit of discussion about it.
We told him we did not see that anything particular could be done.
He mentioned our medication as he had to another stand number one before, and if he did the hard-time toxic medication.
Made the suggestion that if we could sort of spread around the investigation to include other parts of the military, such as the Navy, and the Air Force,
it would not look so bad for us the people in the arms.
Mr. Cole's team, perhaps that we've been regarded as the most serious power to make by you and Senator McKinsey against the Army and Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adam.
And I asked you whether or not that is the first time that any toxic jist was ever made to you.
The meat was, yes, and then it's about to have no.
And for waiting for the toxic jist to be made, it was sometimes very nutty, so I don't know anything.
Waited at your house dinner, waiting at my house.
Waited at your house to the price, right?
I think we went to a couple places.
Couple of places.
Wait, they were left to our service.
No one.
No one, people who were interested, would be gone as far as I'm concerned with the going and on the same year as a single man.
And Mr. Adam is a good worker and he's hardly able to resolve any of the needs of lefty difficulties.
It's nice on that night that nothing he has to talk about very well.
Now it's very cold.
Do you say that some time that evening, that evening, about to the 21st,
it's a jist who was made to you from Mr. Adam that's a McCarthy investigative committee,
who I suppose is maybe as a handful.
Mr. Jenkins, it wasn't quite that far from the fight.
I was told the House is a committee.
I've been using it regarding its extremely important as many as you can in this society.
Well, I'm sent to them to which anything was said, then as many as you can, were they the most possible?
Just talk to the stadiums, says that night.
I can't possibly, sir, give you for a say to them.
Uh, what Mr. Adam said that night.
The fact that I can still give you the talk of what he said.
And I want to emphasize, as far as the Navy Air Force suggestions,
there was no great dramatic thing about saying the top of the investigation about us
and go ahead and blow up the Navy in the Air Force.
And if the idea was Mr. Adam for trying to project was,
that if we were to investigate communist infiltration in the Navy in the Air Force,
at the same time, that's not.
That was sort of paid some of the Honourable of the Army.
And if we could leave the Army alone and give some attention to the communist infiltration in the Navy in the Air Force,
it would not put the Army in a bad light or not put the Army in the Army all along.
And I'd bad light.
I wanted to specify that Mr. Adam, who was Putin?
Mr. Adam.
I was there at my office.
There we are.
And now I'm going to go to him and Mr. Adam.
No, sir.
Uh, I want to specify that Mr. Adam and Mr. Stevens need a one.
That was suggested that we could throw any false information or anything of that time about the Navy in the Air Force.
That idea was that there was undoubtedly a problem of communist infiltration in the Navy and the Air Force.
Then, looked at that in the Army.
They were just hoping that we could give that some attention for a while.
So now that's picture-view current is the 21st day of our program?
Yes.
And, uh, have you now, you think, you haven't been to the committee?
However, now that you've presented respect to what was put on the radio?
No, there was one other comment, which might not be important, but I know that was.
I see the three-pointed view.
That was Mr. Adam's fault.
I was bad-nice.
I saw a three-point view.
I think over handling the arrangements for Dave Shines for a theory in the Army.
He's that previous device.
These arrangements, I've been handled by personnel in the Army, but that was going to become his personal business from then on.
But I think about some of what I recall present in this case.
Okay, there was, uh, considerable amount of discussion about Mr. Adam's trying to find out where we were getting some of our information from, and so there's a lot of, uh, there's a lot of joking going on back and forth.
Mr. Cole, the remark that you have attempted to move the audience with respect to the evening of the premier Sir Locktower.
And especially though, it was in a good case that yesterday was made that they were making other branches of the service that Mr. David has managed to visit this time.
So, the remarks made by Mr. Adam, Dr. Lily, the official three.
How did you get the impression that he was, and Dave says about that, it is very difficult for me to try to frame Mr. Adam's mind or charge his emotional position in that particular moment.
You say he was, was expecting Mr. Steven's experience of one month.
I do think it's an investigation amount.
Yes, he was particularly talking about the fact that Senator McCarthy has not made the press release.
I'm not fed today before that he would stop the investigation.
At that time, having you are the Senators from Wisconsin considered diverting New York with some monolith and going into the area of the Air Force as a Navy.
No. Did you have any information of just the idea of so-doing?
Sir, there is an awful lot of information. Now, if we have a lot, I don't know what people have written in and what we have.
I know of no specific information which would have wanted, certainly the holding of hearings on the Navy for air force at that time.
Well, now, I think there is one small situation in the Navy which I, which occurred on me, but we had a good one.
Mr. Coleman, do you think that we very explored the events about 20%?
Yes.
What is read on October 29th?
I think it was referenced to a trip to two-one David Moongranks.
Oh, yes sir.
I told the 29th, we went up to see the Lord's Ark tenementary to see David Greenblast.
David Greenblast was the brother-in-law of Julian's Rosenberg.
And I participated with Julian's Rosenberg in the Soviet fire.
Greenblast, unlike Rosenberg, entered a plea of guilty and admitted to the FBI and to the country, just what is hard to feeling adam-stead for touch-in.
He testified of a witness at the Rosenberg classifications that the matter of fact I examined Mr. Greenblast on the witness's hands.
And I therefore knew him.
Greenblast, indoling over the Rosenberg testimony, was referenced by the Coleman case.
I came across some statements by Mr. Greenblast, which indicated that he might have knowledge that there has an actual act in the Army's signal corps.
My poor mum, I thought one specifically and at other places, sir, within the jurisdiction of the Army's signal corps, including companies, which were doing self-contracting work for a thought-mind that began the Army's signal corps.
We therefore decided, sometime in October, in preparation for public hearings, that we would go up to talk with David Greenblast and see just what information he could give to us, whether or not there had been us in the signal corps, whether there might be some people who had been caught yet.
And whether there are any leads he could give us that was the first in the investigation of how the incident portrayed in the secret-grade Al Apertorius at London.
We have been talking about this since the summer, for three weeks.
We were thinking we should be in this kind of a fair committee and it was not all for Commissioner Adam and to General Walter.
There they are.
But did you go to see Greenblast on October 29th?
We did.
Did you start him?
Who did you?
No.
I did General Walter the week he is.
I believe he wanted to serve, he was not committed.
All right, now, however, General Walter, not committed to go with who did go with him?
I know Dave Shine went, Frank Carr I believe went and Mr. O'John Rocking was counsel from Mr. Greenblast,
who had represented Mr. Greenblast, the Rosenberg trial, and I know from that, went along at counsel from Mr. Greenblast.
Completely general law firm.
We understand it is the commanding General Ford Mottless from going to use August trip of October 29th to 2 David Greenblast.
But I know about it as this sir.
When the trip was, we had this October 14th incident which I described when General Lawton said that it wasn't until this committee came along that any effective action had been obtained at Mott,
and that he wouldn't go into the details because he worked with Mr. Stevens.
As I say from that time on, Mr. Adams was distinctly unhappy with General Walter.
Mr. Adams told me, and I don't follow the senator, that he was not happy about the idea that General Lawton was sitting in on hearings of our committee.
General Lawton would come in. They are today, so they are listening to witnesses.
Take notes. I want the witnesses to said, and I have recently believed that some of the facts which he green,
are aided him in arriving at the decision to suspend various people working in the secret radar laboratory.
General Lawton also said that he would like to come or at least send a representative up to this Greenblast interview.
He said that he would come or send his aide along with the representative.
I don't remember the details of the conversation with the Jenkins, but I do remember that Mr. Adams told me that he was going to have General Lawton told not to go and to stop keeping his nose out of things
and out of the investigation. General Lawton told me that we had welcomed him on the trip. We were very happy to have him with us.
Although he originally planned to go or have a representative affair, the fact is that he communicated with us a couple days before the trip and said that he could not go and he could not send a representative.
Did he tell you why? I don't recall whether he did or not.
Mr. Adams, this case, Mr. Adams made a very clear.
General Lawton, you did not know what he was going to do. How do you set the facts?
Yes, sir.
Just go now and ask you more about General Lawton, a little later in your direct examination, but file over to set the General Lawton.
And I ask you whether or not at all times General Lawton was most cooperating with the McCarthy Committee in the investigation of the interrogation of Mr. First Chief Woodman.
He was, sir, the only time since any time we ever had a General Lawton file as I recall it was, that there was a question of the General's mind at one point.
As the Lemme even get in trouble, if he allowed us to continue interviewing, conducting staff interviewing of people who worked at Fort Lama.
I took that matter up with Mr. Stevens personally, and Mr. Stevens called General Lawton and said that the both interviews could be conducted and they were.
I know of no incident with General Lawton without any proper cooperation from the McCarthy Committee.
I may ask you whether or not the interview to which you appear with the interview of November speaks.
That was our public section.
Well, I'll come.
Here, I'm backing off to it.
I might say that General Lawton, we knew when we were in the investigation, all while we had not met General Lawton personally.
We knew by reputation that General Lawton had no use for communists, and we knew that General Lawton was very unhappy about the fact that he had.